
0:04Patrick: All right, yeah sure.
0:06
0:07my actions this week was
0:11more updating content on Social Media
0:14continuing giving a little bit of feedback on the
0:17branding decisions for red
0:21trying to get that desk post article through and
0:27Engaging more around the discussions of some sort of bounty program, but there seems to be a oh
0:34There's definitely that friction point of it. We always go back to the
0:39the approval process and when they exceed the $600 right now, so I have a
0:47spreadsheet
0:48That I created for for just like a simple experiment for content because it seems to be one of the most
0:55easiest thing to collaborate around
0:58So if we want as a community to like review those bounties. I put them in there for June
1:04then maybe we can submit a proposal and
1:07Get official, and I'll draft something up on
1:11on github like like that spectrum thing did that Kevin shared in I think is announcements?
1:19but maybe maybe they're going to occupy that wiki for
1:25The Casper Bounty program that greg wants to run. I don't know we'll see in the hangout
1:32But essentially that's most of my updates well the numbers by using any questions or anything else on it. Sorry
1:40No
1:43the
1:45side of it that I've been working on more is our sponsored
1:50tokens
1:53we now have
1:57Three Sponsors at least and
2:03we're looking to fund activities right now.
2:09We're working on the parity wallet enhancements for RCHAIN.
2:29And I've shown you that before basically what they have now I guess I'll show that quickly is
2:41Hello
2:48We have the Rhoc distribution which actually we have
3:00Jacob coming online to help manage
3:05along with the work studies
3:08Where we're currently working on
3:12Parity enhancements, and what that involves is
3:30using the Parity wallet as a dashboard with having you know
3:33I suggested to have onboarding steps here that the check go up as people on board
3:42as A
3:44account
3:46and we have accounts for
3:50the identity,
3:52development of Identity, we have a budget also for Rhoc activists and
4:03of course you know this will be the person's address book, so we
4:08send Rhocs easily among each other and
4:13will debug the applications that we use and
4:17looking at custom applications down the road and
4:21the contracts that we use and of course we can run the contracts from here. There's also
4:27We can also develop Ethereum contracts and deploy them.
4:39We have the status of our node we have this signer so the transactions can be signed.
4:45and we have what skill we didn't have with our dashboard. now in an account?
4:54in my account here
4:56we have
4:58verify here, and we do Sms or if you can do an Sms verification of a phone number and
5:06the email
5:07verification and
5:08We want to add to that
5:10postal
5:14verification where we
5:17Use an e-card service to send them a mail a card by email, which will have a code on it
5:23Which will correspond to their number?
5:27-
5:28Hey, Gary! Good to see you.
5:31Gary : Jim, Hello. I'm Late again as usual. Sorry to interrupt. Please Carry on.
5:32Jim: and possibly verifying other factors for KYC and MLM ...
5:54Patrick: This is nice, so this is this active, right now?
5:57Jim: This is just this is the plain Parity wallet okay,
6:03what we've been doing is downloading the source code and building it
6:10We've been having some issues
6:13so we're looking for more people willing to learn so we'll assist a management and up about this and
6:20put in
6:21Tickets or whatever to resolve issues that we have in using it and then know essentially modifying
6:28making the modifications that we want adding the things that we want to add to make it the
6:35dashboard for the RCHAIN community.
6:37And this work is currently going on in our Mattermost
6:45Test for Mattermost instances. There's a dashboard channel, then there's a channel and
6:54in the content channel where I started experimenting with
7:01decision support mechanisms that we can employ using Mattermost and
7:13You know establishing?
7:15in essence the teams to work on stuff and
7:19Mount activities and
7:22Working toward eventually using the social ledger
7:32integration that we're using the Diglife as a means of
7:40underpinning on the task reward system and
7:44managing the circle activities or the team activities involved in
7:50projects
7:53Which are demonstrating some of those capabilities before? They're dancing now
7:59Employing self management principles where the fabric of the organization is made with Peer-to-peer agreements
8:08Now there's no leader everyone's a leader
8:11They leave their own
8:12work and
8:14Just have peers their agreements with other people
8:20for the a lesson
8:31Patrick: Yeah, this is great work. Jim. I always you know I gotta get into Mattermost more
8:42I'm clicking and entering these chats now dashboard I see the content weaving
8:51This is exciting. (What Patrick is doing is pulling up the RCHAIN site on Mattermost)
9:12You're on mute
9:17Sorry, yeah
9:19Moving the Noob study group on Thursdays to two o'clock.
9:29I'm looking for ways to get more people who?
9:33Will want to be self-reliant will be able to install and run these things themselves to participate in this
9:41you know
9:45The issues that come up
9:55well, we need to find people that I would like to learn a little system administration and
10:00Want to learn about these tools and things we're doing and of course Parity is one of them
10:09Gary post the thing on Riac and
10:15I'm excited to try that too that can become part of a node for a member
10:22which would give us a a
10:25Decentralized Ledger basically a centralized database that we use
10:32in the interim before we have
10:38RCHAIN
10:44So I'm exciting about it, and Divvy is working on something similar. I'm hoping delightful
10:52Collaborate with us more I mean the social ledger is wonderful. That's coming out of there
10:57And I'm sure that we'll want to use it
11:01you
11:03know it's a
11:05still work-in-Progress, not ready
11:08but
11:10we can still follow the
11:13principles of the ideas without having the software
11:18And be ready for it
11:22That's my update. I guess.
11:27Patrick: Yeah, I agree, and that was a great update on. What's up Gary. What's up kit? Do you guys have any update?
11:38Gary: My only update is as far as the Transcript project I
11:44found a
11:45Very useful tool
11:48a tool that I was thinking about
11:51myself in my software
11:55one of the big parts of the Transcript
12:03a capability to edit
12:07Transcripts
12:09Somehow somewhat interactively well Youtube already provides that capability
12:17by turning on the community
12:21Development flag on the video the owner and the owner of the video has gone though
12:29So I guess we'll have to
12:32We'll have to
12:35Try it with some of our own videos first. I have played with
12:42editing videos that YouTube
12:45Offered up to me
12:48from communities that are looking for
12:52Help editing the captions on their videos
12:57But anyway, that's my update as far as the transcript project goes I
13:04Was under you know maybe this meeting or and perhaps other member meeting
13:13with you can
13:17Post them on sites. We control like divvy - the DIVVY Channel
13:29Or our own personal sites whatever
13:32Yes, we can we can experiment with it, and uh that would be a good
13:39Project for the noob class and also yes. I'm you've already
13:46advanced my understanding of Riac, but I I
13:54Agree that it's something we ought to look at I didn't know if it would fit into what we were doing or not
14:03So you know I I've been
14:06investigating a lot of alternatives for our
14:10distributed Database and
14:12You know clearly?
14:14Etherium is a back-end that we plan to use
14:17for some of our stuff and but no until we have Rchain it's not going to be sufficient and
14:27So the back end for our decentralized applications
14:37is
14:42clearly something that we need to
14:47accommodate in
14:50today with browser-based applications having a
14:56Riac back-end gives us a good environment for our decentralized applications
15:09and
15:12Yeah, what already our parity browser is largely
15:18browser-based registering against our own imperium node every node
15:27It makes it. You know. It's very nice
15:32No, one we need to save state Riac is a good way to do it.
15:49Patrick: Okay, Kit how about yourself any updates on the FAQ or or anything else. You don't like we have update from
15:58Kit: Yeah, let me turn on the AV here. I'm on my phone today
16:08Yeah, my my only update is the FAQ is
16:15Someone somewhat done, and I think will be good if other people looked at it
16:21in my
16:23personal opinion, it needs more polishing, but I have an answer to every question and I
16:32I'm not sure about what the next step is I could easily post a link to it in Slack which would
16:39bring lots of people to look at but I thought
16:42maybe
16:43We first
16:45Have a look at it ourselves and by ourselves. I mean the activists and
16:51I don't know. Maybe it should go to the board of directors or something or maybe later. What do you think?
17:00Patrick: first of all great job. Thanks
17:04yeah, what I would do is post it as
17:08A reply as that
17:11Like a follow up, and then one of the github issues. Sorry there's lawn mowers going off everywhere, but
17:17Yeah per say hey, I'm done and then
17:20we compose the link and the slack yes for feedback for sure and
17:26Then in order to quote-unquote finalize it official awesome like an email to some of the board of directors with it
17:33And if they agree that it
17:36it's in Publishable, then we'll post it as like on github or something like
17:45Kit: Okay, yeah, there's a bunch of details. Do that come dear. Did you hear that? Yeah? Yeah, that was clear for me
17:53There's a there's a bunch of details probably need reviewed like I'm not really
18:00familiar with the history of the Synereo split
18:04but I wrote something there just to have something and so maybe somebody that has
18:12Lifted and that experience wants to adjust or something
18:18But yeah, all of our first play. Yeah yet
18:27It is missing a google document, or I'm github
18:31Yes, um it's linked on github in issue 6 t
18:38The Google document. Yes, okay, and if anybody can comment
18:46Yeah, anybody can
18:48yeah, anybody can edit in fact if you read it and you think of a new question or something just
18:55add it right in
19:00but all I'll post a message in this issue, and it resurrected this an
19:08area some way
19:14There that again
19:20sorry, I'm kind of in and out Iii, miss what she said ahead oh, I'll
19:27Post a message in github and then I'll wait a day, and then I'll post a message in slacks. Oh
19:37That's that's a great idea. Thanks good
19:41Okay, then I'll do that
19:45soon like today
19:51Perfect. Yeah, so HJ is not here to give operational updates . Are we the only ones? Yeah, that's for
19:58is
20:00There any other things you guys like to talk about
20:03Or we just cut a snap this time and see you guys in 30 minutes. I'm
20:09interested in
20:12Anyone's thoughts on Greg's
20:19AI
20:20Bots that he's going to use to test the consensus algorithm what?
20:26Do we think?
20:29do you expect him to address that today and
20:33What sort of input should?
20:35we
20:36provide
20:39As we go in regards to that AI bots chess-playing AI bots
20:47Zhenia anyone have any thoughts on that I
20:50Sure, hope definitely bring that up in the hangout today
20:54But right here. I have the message pulled up from July 10th. I'm interested in discussing with the community the idea of beginning to organize
21:02Bounties around building this test framework as soon as the Rholang Casper contracts are committed to Github.
21:10So what he's going to be looking for.
21:13Looking for is
21:16is
21:19organizing bounties for this test framework so that
21:22that can either be tied into the larger bounty discussion or that will probably be handled by the DEv team but
21:30That's probably where the inputs going to be most
21:33Valued is it's how to filled out this test frame 1
21:36What it seems interested in me I don't know enough about like the details
21:39But I read through everything and it's pretty cool the chest in the go game has content is very interesting
21:47Yes, one thought I had when I was thinking about it was I
21:53It seems like to me that checkers would have been a easier
21:58game to a
22:00model but
22:02Again, I I'm willing to go with his
22:05with his
22:07ideas on it because
22:09well
22:23I don't even know that that gang go. I don't know the rules on that. So that wasn't very interesting to me
22:34But it sounds like I excuse me neither do I but all I know about it's like oh
22:44Patrick you went on mute, but
22:48Yeah, what what I'm interested in is that Greg has expressed?
22:59Interest in artificial intelligence and that an
23:04Artificial intelligence the agent would be would be one of the first
23:12Projects he would suggest for the community
23:18and I as
23:20I look back on a lot of the papers in
23:26this Space I
23:31to see a similar threat of interests and artificial intelligence
23:36that is the the papers that are relevant to what we're doing here, but for the
23:43blockchain
23:46Satoshi's invention
23:49That maybe getting to depth too deep for any sort of comment, but anyway, I'll shut up now
24:00I'm united so invite any member that does a great
24:12if Patrick's coming in and out there to
24:17When I sort of see this as now deep learning allow
24:23could because scientists protocols so that
24:31all of the strategies have been why
24:37Now a game on top is sort of like you saying the platform doesn't matter the I
24:47Guess I presume the you was to get something that was chaotic and not generally
24:55have a
24:57Gherkin Flattened Tee and
25:06those strategies are sort of a
25:11stochastic method of
25:14looking for analogous strategies
25:18in the consensus protocol
25:41Jim you're on mute. I see Patrick has no audio
25:48Having trouble alright, Jake
25:53Is here then you?
25:59Okay, we get your update
26:03Um not too much new for me here. I was out last week
26:07I
26:08was trying to scroll through a little bit of the you port documentation today and
26:13See what they have going on for identity solutions there. It looks like they have a lot of stuff
26:18That would be really useful. It's in the pipeline
26:21But yeah, I don't really know
26:23How far they are at in terms of some of that stuff?
26:27Yeah, we you saw where the swiss government is issuing you deport identity so all the citizens
26:34Yeah, Mm-Hmm. Pretty neat pretty awesome um
26:39now parody has
26:44Mentioned plans to incorporate you for it. I don't know if you've seen any of these stuff on the
26:54I'm using parody as a dashboard
26:58for
27:00the activists you know um
27:03Yeah, and I've been I've been a little confused about that because parody is like an assyrian client, right?
27:09Right so what does it mean to be an Arcane dashboard well?
27:17essentially we were a rock face community which is a
27:27aetherium Token and
27:32There's features that we can use of like
27:36verifying Sms and email
27:39notification which attach to
27:42A theory of identity okay?
27:49We have we onboard in here when they sign up they think they get some rocks is
27:58They create an account. We have budgets now. I will this before 4
28:07Lakhs and Identity
28:11People have their address books and we contact each other
28:16We have the applications that we use
28:18Unclear iam and you can put our own other applications on the minions here just about modify
28:25modify the screens
28:27the etherium contracts we use
28:31Ok we can develop it as a developer
28:35interface for developing contracts and deploying contracts
28:41Say this summer no
28:45And the settings of what we choose to happen on top menu
28:52so the idea is that so
28:56teller this would
28:58Be tailoring the spool Dr. Chain Community and
29:03as A
29:08An onboarding tool and supporting the community
29:19but that's no one what we're working on in the work studies and
29:29Sorry to repeat that grown people
29:32Yeah, I thought so I'm Magic I
29:35Mean yeah that's interesting. That's cool. I think that
29:40You know we should make sure that any solution. We're not building it just for parody I think
29:45you know a lot of
29:47Web distributed applications will work. Just fine and like the mist browser as well
29:53Which I think that that's what that screen
29:55You're showing was with all that in those apps
29:57And there you know there's similar ways in in myths to link your identity and any other
30:03client
30:05even if it is like a light client that someone might want to use or
30:10Connecting to it Via normal browser without a full node set up like meta masks or something like that. I think
30:16Yeah, we should keep those sorts of solutions in mind as well
30:22Yeah, I know. I think that
30:25There's really no dependency on it. It's just a matter of convenience
30:30Sure, right yeah
30:36You know it's kind of like you know these days, right parity and mist
30:40They're sort of like chrome or firefox right you should be building a site that's compatible with all of them
30:47Well yeah, all right. Maybe I'm wrong but I mean this is sort of like a home for browser-based
30:54applications
30:59you know I like it run it running in the browser, but uh
31:09Yeah, yeah
31:10right so - tick tick
31:1130 is a browser right or at least you're using it as a browser and a wallet app sort of combined
31:16You know I've never you know it was he
31:20Actually runs in the browser
31:29And it's accessing parity on your local machine, right?
31:40but yeah, yeah, that's not the way that it has to work right so any sort of
31:45Decentralized site that you create that has the ability to like accept payments and sign transactions and stuff
31:51that can be served and integrated with
31:55Things besides just parity can be integrated with meta masks where you don't actually have to install a third-Party program
32:01Let's sort of they take care of the the node
32:04Behind that in the wallet behind that for you
32:07There's there some solutions that I think might be a little bit easier for users who aren't as technically inclined
32:18You know I agree with you that you know it meta managed is kind of cool know that it works in the browser totally
32:28But in terms of installing parity. I mean, it's basically a one button install. It's not like it's
32:35It takes any you know technical children do it and I'm happy in each of of lighting your own nose
32:46Yes, I mean some people would say that taking up bandwidth sin that much disk space and gigabytes of disk spaces
32:54inhibitive
32:58Is interesting you know I would see that this picture loves face, but check that it
33:05It doesn't keep a copy of the blockchain. It doesn't okay?
33:24So what the status of that is so?
33:29at the moment is that
33:33the
33:40the Shell scripts
33:42that it downloads are
33:47Have returned characters in them
33:51and so when I
33:54try to run them
34:05That's what we did before
34:07Fargo, it's behaving differently now
34:10well, you know essentially oh, yeah the source code and we're
34:15looking to
34:18add modifications to it and about the contract for
34:24postal address verification
34:38and Jake we have a
34:42Identity working group. Which is trying to make progress on this and it meets on Saturdays
34:51at
34:5311 o'clock New York time
34:57so if you're interested you could join actually this zoom meeting and
35:06participate further
35:10Okay, great. Yeah. I'm not sure that I will be able to make that
35:15unfortunately
35:17okay, we publish notes and a
35:22recording is
35:23if you want to catch up
35:26Okay, that'd be nice
35:29we're where those published ah
35:34In a google Doc right now actually we have a log of all the meetings
35:40okay, and the link to the log is
35:46entered periodically in the new
35:50program group Channel, okay
35:56and we've also last time we
36:00We published the notes right in in the sloth identity channel just to save a click ah got it
36:08So you can see the notes from the last one last Saturday, okay great. Yeah, I see that
36:28well actually
36:31Let me turn on my video again. There's there's one little point
36:35I do just post it in both matter most in slack. Which is I wonder if anybody has the knowledge to create a
36:42Slack bot or a matter most pot
36:46Where whenever we get a new user we can?
36:50Yeah, maybe wait a few minutes and then send them a little message that might contain links to useful stuff or something
36:59so that's posted in Co-op on the slack and
37:06general on Matter Most and
37:09I'm pretty sure it's possible. We just need someone who wants to
37:14Yeah, dig into the AI or something
37:18But this this kind of connects to that
37:21That nail that HJ
37:24Sent around I don't know a week and a half ago. It's a possible
37:28welcome message for new activist members
37:32Whereas the the bots in the discussion Channel would
37:37Basically say hi to any number
37:43So give it some thoughts
37:53That welcome bak could easily be tied to Gregg's
37:59chess-playing a I bought
38:02as far as the project goes
38:07Okay, that could become a very intelligent welcome bot, but yeah
38:24It would be great if you could ask questions to the bottom and get intelligent answers back
38:34it would be easy for the bot to
38:38Give the answers provided in the Faq
38:50We could chime in see certain certain key phrases or something key questions. Yeah
39:02That's nice
39:09Jim I had a question for you on that Ria react
39:16Do you did you understand what he meant when he said in the video that?
39:25distribution was built into erlang
39:30but
39:31Then later. He said you wouldn't use this protocol
39:35For a wide area network did that make any sense to you?
39:51It makes sense in that
40:03You know if you're running
40:06react
40:07in order to get a
40:10Very responsive system. Oh oh
40:14You don't want to extend the network Beyond where you need it?
40:20So you know you wouldn't make a monolithic react database for everything on the internet. I think that's what he was saying
40:35But that but that statement didn't diminish your estimation of react
40:45Well, I mean it makes me think about the limits
40:51But you know the fact is is that it's a very fast
40:59Virtual machine will only be centralized
41:05database
41:08Okay, so you know
41:12You have a cloud okay? And no, I think of it more as a vPN
41:24where
41:29We have a shared database with a limited number of people
41:38But potentially a large number of people
41:44So I would take meant it. No. I mean there is a segmenting
41:49Where there isn't decides that they could use a separate database for separate things oh?
41:59Okay, I see where you're going with this okay? Hey guys this is dummy. Sorry. I'm late today. You know I got
42:08engaged with the other meeting
42:11Here so sorry about that
42:16Welcome
42:20Yeah, you guys continue. I will you know jump in as so. I think you guys already know that right Sj
42:26Has gone on vacation to parallel?
42:32So right okay? Yeah, that's very nice
42:41So we've all given an update you have an update movie
42:47Yeah, sure um let me pull up my register other day. What are you talking about?
42:57So from a marketing campaign pointing getting Patrick is already doing something
43:02so I think what we talked last time that I'm going to talk to Patrick's about sort of
43:08You know what we can do from an activist point of view and I think
43:14Jim really get a chance to talk to ian about the license and hosting I think matter most is already working, right?
43:18So I'm not sure how much actively participating
43:23participation going on at this moment
43:26um you know the licensing matter most is part of it is under the
43:36mig
43:38put
43:40Fidelity it's a compiled code license. All right so that the pay for features
43:48are
43:51coming to pile on but
43:53The free version is always free
43:59So you know there is you know I didn't as a consideration there. I think that
44:07the potential of
44:11working with Nana most and
44:15cooperating with them
44:17Outweighs you know that the their economic model, so to speak
44:27we certainly can use it for free and
44:31There's a possibility of a cooperative lead with them doing
44:39Extending the capabilities of matter most right?
44:43So I think when I think so probably, I'm just speculating
44:45I'm not sure if Greg is going to talk about the bounty program because of another you know message
44:51I saw he mentioned that this testing framework. He wants to use or casper
44:58so my smaw my take is that might on you know a bunch of
45:04You know community-driven?
45:08Bounty sort of
45:10Programs, and I don't think I know how it's gonna work out, but I think we can figure it out
45:16You know how that can be leveraged for the community purpose basically?
45:23You know engaging more community members and spreading it out?
45:29I think we already talked about it right so how to verify I think a verify one and very fire to find nothing
45:36two-step process to verify any committee
45:39Work being done or something like that basically some checks and balances right yeah kids kids
45:45Complete some work on
45:48the fact and it's
45:50Overlooking the evaluation now
45:59We haven't
46:02bad
46:04Yeah
46:07The github issue, I just sent out a message. So anybody who's subscribed to that?
46:13should
46:15Get an invitation to have a look at the fact and do some editing so that went out seconds ago
46:24So you know what issue here is know, how we?
46:28Proceed with this in terms of getting it
46:32To the point of the public setting Patrick is going to take care of that
46:37with the board of directors I guess once we
46:41all I've had a chance to comment, or asked up, whatever and
46:47You know there's a question of how we reward people they're working on this thing I
46:52Think that you know we should be providing some rocks for these kinds of activities
46:58now
47:00in principle just to help get more rocks out from using and
47:08You know some of us are sponsoring rocks for this purpose, right?
47:15So from the co-op point of view what I see. You know things are a little slow at this moment, right?
47:19I mean, I don't think we have an organization around coops
47:23Efficiently, I mean, there's no efficient organization around co-Op at this moment, right?
47:29and
47:30I think as time progress most likely you know a
47:34Proper organization will come out of it. I think Sj
47:37May have a little more leeway how to lead some of the work from a community point of view right? I mean Jim
47:45I appreciate that you know so far you have been
47:48Sponsoring some of those kind of things and definitely I seek down the road. We would need more engagement from Co-Op also
47:57And more involvement engagement mean more not only financial in English involvement actually is some sort of leadership
48:05leadership engagement also
48:08Because you know coming from co-op and you know with some align goal would be the best way move forward I
48:16mean at this moment what we are doing is sort of
48:21you know
48:24Just finding something so that at least you know we keep moving and keep progressing on on this front, right?
48:34and
48:36You know apart from that I am I think I don't have much update and I think that
48:42Article I think the ad already provided the feedback right on the scalability
48:47Article, I don't know after that there was any update from client eater or not or there's no new what an article?
48:55Was sent out?
48:57You guys have any visibility into that
49:01Well, I think it's sort of on hold. I mean it may be it may be
49:07There has been feedback, and there may be revisions, but it may not be
49:15A
49:16time-sensitive thing at this point
49:19Yeah, I mean, I think that can be pigeon in multiple ways. I mean of course after the feedback a
49:24Independent person writing that article versus a person affiliate with the are chain writing an article, right?
49:31and
49:32probably I
49:34think
49:36Let's see you know. I will I will see if I can talk to Patrick. You know, I think we need to
49:42stage these kind of steps in a way, you know putting up articles and every week or every other week kind of thing and
49:50Start slowly creating a buzz, but the biggest hurdle
49:53For us at this moment. There is no ability when the platform would be ready, right?
49:59I mean we have been I
50:01think the
50:04Optimist
50:07The timeline is six months from now. I think whatever we call from some of the hangout side, what greg mentioned
50:13If you based on that when we start putting up you know these kind of articles in in
50:19Medium or everywhere. I think would be helpful for us
50:23overall
50:24What do you guys think?
50:27Yeah, I
50:29Think it would be good. You know we are running a test in maramures now where we're trying to do these content discussion
50:36critical update the content creation process and
50:41delivery
50:43It leverage
50:45Opportunity please join the content templar you've probably been join two times. I'm already in there. I'm uh
50:51N-Octane actually
50:54Awesome. Yeah
50:58So what we can do we can create some you know content what you call
51:03categories, right
51:05So at this moment, I think
51:08The way I see a lot of people focus on on the platform only
51:13I think if we can have some use case for some d apps and write about the d apps would be a good idea like
51:19Scalability is completely
51:21Platform centric
51:24and
51:26Another is the you know Ecosystem Centric Ecosystem would definitely
51:31Involve all the D apps
51:37Yeah, it's one of the games in
51:42the dashboard development is to bring in other be centralized components and
51:51Sort of create a
51:56an R chain members node which might have the
52:03react database and parity and maybe sup, we
52:11with solid
52:14Mit solid component
52:18or
52:21decentralized applications
52:23And it's time to drop meeting could design a plane the year and the other meeting
52:29Okay, yeah hang out see ya back
